Traditional pumping-test interpretation requires pumping-well number
Theis impulse responses depend on relative pumping-observation
The paper identifies high pumping-well density as a setting where the
Time-varying confined-aquifer drawdown
Equivalent impulse response function for spatially homogeneous pumping
Equivalent unit response function for the finite pumping circle
Equivalent pumping-rate time series around the observation well
Least-squares residual objective over the parameter space
Logarithmic parameter coordinates for optimization
Constrained parameter space with reduced T-S nonuniqueness
Population of candidate parameter sets near low residual values
Selected parameter set at the least-squares minimum
Synthetic intermittent-pumping drawdown observations
Estimated storativity pumping rate and influence radius for each case
Standard error of estimate for the fitted drawdown
Mean error for the fitted drawdown
Distance-indexed parameter estimates and fit errors
Arrangement-indexed parameter estimates and drawdown fits
Anisotropy-indexed drawdown maps parameter estimates and fit errors
One-at-a-time elementary effects across sampled parameter values
Overall-effect and nonlinear-interaction measures for each parameter
Short drawdown interval screened for precipitation and large
Density check for the intended high-density application setting
Distance condition for representative storativity and pumping
Anisotropy condition on equivalent pumping-rate recovery
Interpretation limited to known or independently constrained
The equivalent Theis response can estimate representative storativity